[new cumulative to delta processor] initial skeleton (#3752)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/cumulativetodeltaprocessor/README.md

# Cumulative to Delta Processor
**Status: under development; Not recommended for production usage.**

Supported pipeline types: metrics

## Description

The cumulative to delta processor (`cumulativetodeltaprocessor`) converts cumulative sum metrics to cumulative delta. 

## Configuration

> Configuration is specified through a list of metrics. The processor uses metric name as well as resource attributes and labels to uniquely identify a metric and converts it to cumulative delta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration is specified through a list of rules for matching metrics. The processor uses metric name as well as resource attributes and attributes to uniquely identify which metrics to process and converts them to cumulative delta. Metrics that do not match are passed through this processor unmodified.
```
